# Yachting-Marina

In the first two lines, I imported the “tkinter” library and “tkfiledialog”. After that, I used sel () function to calculate the rates. In 5th and 6th line, I get the values from the textbox and radio buttons where the user enters the data about yacht. In line 7th, 8th and 9th I used print statements to print the data. In 10th line, it calculates the values of yacht length and the rate for different time value and inserts those values in the text box. 

I used save () function to store the data in .txt file. I used text name of variable to get all the values from the text box. In next line, I used a command to write the file (if file does not exist then this command automatically creates the .txt file and saves the data). If file is successfully created and saved, it will show the print statement. 

After that, I used delete () function to the delete all the data into the text box. In line 20th, 21st, 22nd the program gives text box name and uses delete function to delete all the values from 0 to end. If delete is successful it will print the statement “delete successful”. After that, I used open2 function to open all the data and save the file. In this function “askopenfilename” the programme opens all the files where you store the data in your computer. in this line only .txt files are being opened and prints the file data. After try function, the except function file will open and read all data in that file and send it to the name function and prints all the data. 

In 35th line the main program and GUI starts. In line 35 to 38, I define the size of the GUI and name of the file. After 39th line I used two textboxes, “enter the name of person” and “yacht length in meters”. Once the person enters his name and required length of yacht, the radio button will provide various options for hourly, daily, weekly and yearly rates to hire the yacht. In 75th line, the label only prints the charges and get the values from the function to calculate the charges. In last 6 lines I used buttons to run the functions. At the end, in the last line, the GUI main loop is closed.
